Adding flask app configuration docs to FAB provider (#49492)
mistercrunch/Airflow: providers/fab/docs/auth-manager/configuring-flask-app.rst

 .. Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Configuring Flask Application for Airflow Webserver
===================================================

> Airflow uses Flask to render the web UI. When you initialize the Airflow webserver, predefined configuration
> is used, based on the ``webserver`` section of the ``airflow.cfg`` file. You can override these settings

Reviewer: Maybe something like this
```suggestion
Flask was removed from Airflow core dependencies but some legacy parts such as FabAuthManager login form or Airflow 2 plugin blueprints still depends on flask. When you initialize the Airflow webserver, predefined configuration
is used, based on the ``webserver`` section of the ``airflow.cfg`` file. You can override these settings
```

Reviewer 2: I dont think we should have "AF2 vs AF2 comparison" in docs.
```suggestion
``FabAuthManager`` and Airflow 2 plugins uses Flask to render the web UI.When initialized, predefined configuration
is used, based on the ``webserver`` section of the ``airflow.cfg`` file. You can override these settings
```

Author: Agreed, the docs are versioned anyways, so we should not have to do that.

> and add any extra settings however by adding flask configuration to ``webserver_config.py`` file in your
> ``$AIRFLOW_HOME`` directory. This file is automatically loaded by the webserver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and add any extra settings by adding flask configuration to ``webserver_config.py`` file specified in ``[fab] config_file`` (by default it is ``$AIRFLOW_HOME/webserver_config.py``). This file is automatically loaded by the webserver.
```
